README.md, before:

# Launcher Discord Credits Generator

Generates or updates a previous credits.json from a Discord servers users and roles. Outputs to credits_new.json.

Bot must have View Channel and Send Message permissions.

## Prerequisities

Python 3

Discord.py. Can install via `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Setup

Make a file `token.txt` and put your Bot token inside it

Put any roles you don't want to credit inside `uncreditedRoles.txt`. Remember that @everyone is a role.

Put any users that should be excluded from the credits inside `uncreditedUsers.txt`.

Put any users that should always be included in the credits (even if they don't have a credited role) inside `creditedUsers.txt`.

Put any roles that you want to be top roles by default inside `topRoles.txt`.

Put any users you want the Bot to run commands for inside `users.txt`

## Running

Start the bot with `python creditsBot.py`

Run the `>run` command inside any channel the bot has access to and wait for its response.

`credits_new.json` will be present in the same directory. `credits.json` will be used as a base to update from if present.

# Applying CSV Changes

Have a CSV file containing 3 columns - id, title and note saved to `extra.csv`

Make sure you've run once the bot command once to generate `credits_new.json`.

Run `applySheet.py` and see output in `final_credits.json`

Commit message:

Add info about credits tools to Readme

README.md, after:

# Launcher Discord Credits Generator

Generates or updates a previous credits.json from a Discord servers users and roles. Outputs to credits_new.json.

Bot must have View Channel and Send Message permissions.

## Prerequisities

Python 3

Discord.py. Can install via `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Setup

Make a file `token.txt` and put your Bot token inside it

Put any roles you don't want to credit inside `uncreditedRoles.txt`. Remember that @everyone is a role.

Put any users that should be excluded from the credits inside `uncreditedUsers.txt`.

Put any users that should always be included in the credits (even if they don't have a credited role) inside `creditedUsers.txt`.

Put any roles that you want to be top roles by default inside `topRoles.txt`.

Put any users you want the Bot to run commands for inside `users.txt`

## Running

Start the bot with `python creditsBot.py`

Run the `>run` command inside any channel the bot has access to and wait for its response.

`credits_new.json` will be present in the same directory. `credits.json` will be used as a base to update from if present.

# FPL Credits Tools
Additional tools for working with credits files. For more information, see the "Info" tab of the Flashpoint Credits Google sheet.

## csvExport.py
Export credits to a CSV spreadsheet, including each contributor's Discord ID, username, and description.
Usage: `python csvExport.py credits.json credits.csv`

## csvImport.py
Import contributors' descriptions and preferred names from a CSV spreadsheet into an existing credits file.
Usage: `python csvImport.py credits.json credits.csv`

## createProfile.py
Manually add a contributor profile to the credits file. Useful for adding contributors who aren't in the Discord server.
Usage: `python createProfile.py credits.json name role1,role2`
